Hey Tony, did you enjoy yourself in London?
Yes, I went to see my friend Suzy and I visited her school.
What are English schools like?
Here are a few photos. I took them myself.
Let's have a look.
So this is Suzy's school.
It's got about 700 pupils, like most schools in England.
How many pupils are there in a class in England?
About 30.
We have 40 in our class, so ours is a bit bigger.
Look, everyone is wearing a jacket and tie.
Yes, every student wears school clothes in England.
And everyone is sitting around tables in the classroom.
That's right, they don't sit in rows.
Look at the swimming pool and the huge sports ground.
Most English schools have sports grounds.
Kids there really enjoy playing football.
We like playing football too.
And we also have an excellent swimming team.
I hope I can visit Suzy's school one day.
It looks really great.
Our school is great too and we have more students here.
This means more people to play with.
And more friends too.